Add instantActions startHibernate/stopHibernate/shutdown (#430)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

stopPause | - | Deactivation of the mode is in preparation. <br>If the AGV supports an instant transition, this state can be omitted. | - | The pause mode is deactivated. <br>All paused actions will be resumed. <br>The AGV reports .paused: "false". | The pause mode cannot be deactivated for some reason (e.g., overwritten by hardware switch).
startHibernate | - | Activation of the HIBERNATE connection state is in preparation. If the AGV supports an instant transition, this state can be omitted.| - | Vehicle stands still. All actions are paused. No state messages are sent by the AGV.<br>Hibernate mode is activated. The AGV reports connectionState "HIBERNATE".| The HIBERNATE connection state could not be activated (e.g., overridden by a hardware switch).
stopHibernate | - | Deactivation of the HIBERNATE connection state is in preparation. If the AGV supports an instant transition, this state can be omitted.| - | Hibernate mode is deactivated. Movement and all other actions will resume if the order is retained or once the order is resent.<br>The AGV reports connectionState "ONLINE".| The HIBERNATE connection state could not be deactivated (e.g., overridden by a hardware switch).

> shutdown | - | Activation of the OFFLINE connection state is in preparation. If the AGV supports an instant transition, this state can be omitted.| - |Vehicle stands still. All actions are paused, and all orders are cleared. The connection between AGV and broker is terminated in a coordinated way.<br>The AGV reports connectionState "OFFLINE".| The OFFLINE connection state could not be activated (e.g., overridden by a hardware switch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shutdown | - | Activation of the OFFLINE connection state is in preparation. If the AGV supports an instant transition, this state can be omitted.| - |Vehicle shall not be moving. All actions are paused, and all orders are cleared. The connection between AGV and broker is terminated in a coordinated way.<br>The AGV reports connectionState "OFFLINE".| The shutdown cannot be executed for some reason (e.g., overridden by a hardware switch).
```
